Decoupled testdata plugin (#72205)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/_index.md

If `true`, propagate the tracing context to the plugin backend and enable tracing (if the backend supports it).

## as_external

> Load an external versions of a core plugin. The external version needs to be explicitly installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install an external version of a core plugin explicitly.
```

Author: This would be changing the meaning. Just setting this flag won't install the plugin, it will just load the external version if it has been installed already.

Reviewer: Thanks for the feedback! Looks good to me.
